Hi. Oh rhyme.
Yeah. It's baymax.
Today baymax.
Yeah.
baymax Who is?
baymax're coming Shah ralralra - in the movies.
Shah ralralra. big hero 6.
Uh.
Eat ?! Eat ?!
No. It's very bad for the body. Is that a
toy.
I'm starved.
Eat chocolate. This chocolate.
Chocolate. Yum~ yamyam~
Delicious?
Uh.
baymax. Hi. Today's baymax. baymax show once.
All right.
baymax. Yeah?
Yeah.
round egg... Open it now.
Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!
I do not know how well?
Uh. I do not know. Try the Rhyme is.
Voila~
Wow ~ It's open. Wow~ thats egg.
No.
Eh! What is it?
Arms! S arm. Arms! Arms!
Wow ~ comes arms. Wow~ came the arm.
Wow ~ head.
baymax right.
Right?
Yeah. baymax. Eat?
baymax scared.
I'm so scared. I'm going to run away.
Claims about. Parang is too scared.
Ah ..... scared.
Swimming swimming swimming swimming swimming
Oh, sore eyes ...
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
This hurts the eyes. Go hit the eye sore on
the desk.
The eye's all right.
Thank you. Oh Rhyme.
Thank you. parang.
Uh. Yes. cool baymax ~
Ppigi ppigi ppigi ~
Oh, should go away. No.
So that hold food.
Claims about.
Boom!
Oh, and slept well. Hiyung ~
So now do we say bye?
Bye. Guys. To meet again next ~
I have to go home. It's too late.
It's too late. I should come home. I'm totally
starving.
If "I'm dying" High Strung come.
High Strung appeared ...
Oh ... I guess I do not know what to do?
"Get away from me! Get away from me! "So what
if?
"Get away from me! Get away from me! "bye~